register-to-vote.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Register to Vote
permalink: /register-to-vote/
nav_position: 2
description: Instructions for registering to vote in the upcoming Michigan election.
---

Register today to make sure you can vote in future elections! (Typically you need to register up to a month before an election to be eligible to vote. Sometimes you can register through election day if you go directly to your city/township clerk office.)

**The deadline to register online or by mail for the 2020 General Election is Monday, October 19, 2020.**

1. Go to the [Voter Registration form](https://mvic.sos.state.mi.us/RegisterVoter) (If you don't have a valid Michigan driver's license or state ID, go to the [Registering to Vote](http://www.michigan.gov/sos/0,1607,7-127-1633_8716_8726_47669-175878--,00.html) page instead)
2. Answer the qualification questions, fill out your personal information and address, and you're all set!

Don't have a printer or stamps? Or currently living outside the country? [Visit the Secretary of State website for other ways to register.](http://www.michigan.gov/sos/0,1607,7-127-1633_8716_8726_47669-175879--,00.html)

---

Already registered? Find out [where and how to vote in the next election](/how-to-vote/).

Commit message:

Remove old note about printer (can vote online now) and add note about same day voting

register-to-vote.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Register to Vote
permalink: /register-to-vote/
nav_position: 2
description: Instructions for registering to vote in the upcoming Michigan election.
---

Register today to make sure you can vote in future elections! (Typically you need to register up to a month before an election to be eligible to vote. Sometimes you can register through election day if you go directly to your city/township clerk office.)

1. Go to the [Voter Registration form](https://mvic.sos.state.mi.us/RegisterVoter) (If you don't have a valid Michigan driver's license or state ID, go to the [Registering to Vote](http://www.michigan.gov/sos/0,1607,7-127-1633_8716_8726_47669-175878--,00.html) page instead)
2. Answer the qualification questions, fill out your personal information and address, and you're all set!

**The deadline to register online or by mail for the 2020 General Election is Monday, October 19, 2020.**

Miss the deadline? You can still register and vote in the upcoming election. Since Proposal 3 passed in 2018, Michigan now allows same day registration. You'll need to bring proof of eligibility and residency (e.g., a driver's license) to your city or township clerk's office. [Visit Michigan's Register to Vote page for more information.](https://mvic.sos.state.mi.us/Home/RegisterToVote/#how)

---

Already registered? Find out [where and how to vote in the next election](/how-to-vote/).
